 When a digital bank wants to enter a new market, it can take over a year just to get a single banking license. Months of lawyers, compliance teams and regulatory back and forth. And that's just one country. But we know that Bunk wants to be everywhere. So how do you get shit done fast? For the past 17 hours, we've been working on a framework to answer the two most important questions. How can Bunk tell if its new features are fully compliant within the country it operates? And also, are existing Bunk features compliant in the countries it's about to expand? This is the launches tab. Here you can see all of your features that you already have, or you can add a new one. But for now, let's select the third one. You can see that this page is dedicated to a launch of a small Irish e-company product where customers are onboarded. On your right, you can see all of the countries you selected to check in this launch. As you can see, the first country didn't provide any results because its jurisdiction was not in our database. The second country is still running our processing pipeline. However, if you take a look at the third country, you can see that it returned a blocked status. Inside you can see our short summary explaining why exactly it was considered to be a breach of local jurisdiction. You can download a proof pack to get a concrete CAPS that you have to cover in order to be compliant. Or you can open a graph to see all of the documents that have been fetched in order to get you this response. Now let's get back to the home jurisdiction tab by hitting Command J. This tab is directly connected to the launches. You can see all of the countries that we currently have launches in and features. Now let's select one of the countries. You can either click on the country or use the search bar. Now here we get the breakdown of all of the features compliant, not fully compliant or completely not compliant by country. We can see that one of the features is not compliant in the Netherlands. When we click it, we get back to the features. Because our data is not verified in our site, we can turn it back on any time and not use landlines. Now here we can see that we have launched, as you can see, Macron, Neutra, O'Neill, Green οιicking, Fragrance proces, all of the offices,paskens usse sole de februar and the launch lens. I quickly Arbeit same topics, smart settings, unique audience, mieliwoo and some things in the team, including what's convenient for the team presence. Our framework coversrects, Hybrid neural networks, Image Fillers, Text AP hartsten, Program Dayline, Data Accelerators, think. All of the possible Palestinian local processes. And there are a total of 50 punishments for using a outreach method for carrying out oversight compliance for Security, barrier formas мышеч i lists, data balancing processes Our framework features a built-in PDF viewer. Here you can see an example of this. If you want, you can also download this PDF. Our last stop is our first page. Here you can ask all of the questions regarding the features or countries the book has evolved in. Unfortunately, we didn't have time to finish the last section of this presentation, but we really hope you enjoyed what we have to offer you today.